src/pkglts_data/base/doc/{% if doc.fmt == 'rst' %}CONTRIBUTING{% else %}_{% endif %}.rst, before:

.. {# pkglts, doc
.. #}

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

{% if 'github' is available %}
You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at issues_.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "feature"
is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**{{ base.pkg_full_name }}** could always use more documentation, whether as
part of the official **{{ base.pkg_full_name }}** docs, in docstrings, or even
on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at issues_.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `{{ base.pkgname }}` for local
development.

1. Fork the `{{ base.pkgname }}` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/{{ base.pkgname }}.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have virtualenv_
installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ virtualenv dvlpt
    $ dvlpt/script/activate
    (dvlpt)$ python setup.py develop

4. Create a branch for local development (wip stands for work in progress)::

    (dvlpt)$ git checkout -b wip_name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8 and the
tests, including testing other Python versions with tox::

    (dvlpt)$ cd {{ base.pkgname }}
    (dvlpt) {{ base.pkgname }}$ flake8
    {% if 'test' is available -%}
    (dvlpt) {{ base.pkgname }}$ {% if test.suite_name == 'nose' %}nosetests{% else %}pytest{% endif %}
    {% endif %}
    (dvlpt) {{ base.pkgname }}$ tox

   To get flake8 and tox, just pip install them into your virtualenv.

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin wip_name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.rst.
{% if 'pysetup' is available %}
3. The pull request should work for Python {{ pysetup.intended_versions|join(", ") }}.
   Check
   `Travis <https://travis-ci.org/{{ github.owner }}/{{ github.project }}/pull_requests>`_
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.
{% endif %}
Tips
----

{% if 'test' is available %}
To run a subset of tests::

    $ {% if test.suite_name == 'nose' %}nosetests{% else %}pytest{% endif %} test/test_XXX

{% endif %}

.. _issues: {{ github.url }}/issues
.. _virtualenv: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv
{% endif %}

Commit message:

include gitlab in pklgts_data

src/pkglts_data/base/doc/{% if doc.fmt == 'rst' %}CONTRIBUTING{% else %}_{% endif %}.rst, after:

.. {# pkglts, doc
.. #}

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

{% if 'github' is available or 'gitlab' is available %}
You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

Report Bugs
~~~~~~~~~~~

Report bugs at issues_.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Fix Bugs
~~~~~~~~

Look through the {% if 'github' is available %}GitHub{% elif 'gitlab' is available %}Gitlab{% endif %} issues for bugs.
Anything tagged with "bug" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Implement Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Look through the {% if 'github' is available %}GitHub{% elif 'gitlab' is available %}Gitlab{% endif %} issues for
features. Anything tagged with "feature" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

Write Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**{{ base.pkg_full_name }}** could always use more documentation, whether as
part of the official **{{ base.pkg_full_name }}** docs, in docstrings, or even
on the web in blog posts, articles, and such.

Submit Feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at issues_.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `{{ base.pkgname }}` for local
development.

1. Fork the `{{ base.pkgname }}` repo on {% if 'github' is available %}GitHub{% elif 'gitlab' is available %}
{{ gitlab.server }}{% endif %}.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    {% if 'github' is available %}$ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/{{ base.pkgname }}.git
    {% elif 'gitlab' is available %}$ git clone git@{{ gitlab.server }}:your_name_here/{{ base.pkgname }}.git
    {% endif %}
3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have virtualenv_
installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ virtualenv dvlpt
    $ dvlpt/script/activate
    (dvlpt)$ python setup.py develop

4. Create a branch for local development (wip stands for work in progress)::

    (dvlpt)$ git checkout -b wip_name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8 and the
tests, including testing other Python versions with tox::

    (dvlpt)$ cd {{ base.pkgname }}
    (dvlpt) {{ base.pkgname }}$ flake8
    {% if 'test' is available -%}
    (dvlpt) {{ base.pkgname }}$ {% if test.suite_name == 'nose' %}nosetests{% else %}pytest{% endif %}
    {% endif %}
    (dvlpt) {{ base.pkgname }}$ tox

   To get flake8 and tox, just pip install them into your virtualenv.

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to {% if 'github' is available %}GitHub
{% elif 'gitlab' is available %}Gitlab{% endif %}::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin wip_name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the {% if 'github' is available %}GitHub{% elif 'gitlab' is available %}Gitlab
{% endif %} website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.rst.
{% if 'pysetup' is available %}
3. The pull request should work for Python {{ pysetup.intended_versions|join(", ") }}.
   {% if 'github' is available %}
   Check
   `Travis <https://travis-ci.org/{{ github.owner }}/{{ github.project }}/pull_requests>`_
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.
   {% endif %}
{% endif %}
Tips
----

{% if 'test' is available %}
To run a subset of tests::

    $ {% if test.suite_name == 'nose' %}nosetests{% else %}pytest{% endif %} test/test_XXX

{% endif %}
.. _issues: {% if 'github' is available %}{{ github.url }}{% elif  'gitlab' is available %}{{ gitlab.url }}{% endif %}
/issues
.. _virtualenv: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/virtualenv
{% endif %}
