doc/option_list.rst, before:

===================================
List of currently available options
===================================

Basic
=====

Basic options help you organize your code and provide core 'good practices'
functionality in your package.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/base/main
   option/test/main
   option/doc/main
   option/license/main
   option/version/main

Extended
========

Based on the previous options, a few tools make your life easier and extend
basic functionalities.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/sphinx/main
   option/notebook/main
   option/data/main

Distributing your code
======================

The base of distributing your code comes with:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/pysetup/main


In order to make your package easily accessible for others, these options help
you organize the structure to be PyPi_ ready:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/coverage/main
   option/tox/main
   option/flake8/main
   option/github/main

Then you can use the 'pypi' option to help you put your package on the cheese shop:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/pypi/main


Web services
============

Once your code is registered on GitHub_, a set of options helps you benefit from
already developed online tools:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/travis/main
   option/readthedocs/main
   option/landscape/main
   option/coveralls/main

External options
================

Options developped for specific purposes. Why not consider adding your option?

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/plugin/main

.. _GitHub: https://github.com/
.. _PyPi: https://pypi.python.org/pypi

Commit message:

ref to conda in doc toctree

doc/option_list.rst, after:

===================================
List of currently available options
===================================

Basic
=====

Basic options help you organize your code and provide core 'good practices'
functionality in your package.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/base/main
   option/test/main
   option/doc/main
   option/license/main
   option/version/main

Extended
========

Based on the previous options, a few tools make your life easier and extend
basic functionalities.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/sphinx/main
   option/notebook/main
   option/data/main

Distributing your code
======================

The base of distributing your code comes with:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/pysetup/main


In order to make your package easily accessible for others, these options help
you organize the structure to be PyPi_ ready:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/coverage/main
   option/tox/main
   option/flake8/main
   option/github/main

Then you can use the 'pypi' option to help you put your package on the cheese shop:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/pypi/main

Alternatively, if you chose to use 'conda' as your package manager:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/conda/main


Web services
============

Once your code is registered on GitHub_, a set of options helps you benefit from
already developed online tools:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/travis/main
   option/readthedocs/main
   option/landscape/main
   option/coveralls/main

External options
================

Options developped for specific purposes. Why not consider adding your option?

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   option/plugin/main

.. _GitHub: https://github.com/
.. _PyPi: https://pypi.python.org/pypi
